Moa Eggs can be incubated into Baby Moas with the Incubator.
Enchanted Gravitite only floats up when powered.
Gravitite Tools can levitate blocks when right-clicking.
Baby Moas will stay put when right clicking them with a nature staff.
Golden Oak trees yield valuable Golden Rosin in their logs.
Skyroot tools gain double drops from blocks.
The Champs and Champettes are pretty baller.
Zanite Tools gain strength the more they are used.
White Aerclouds prevent fall damage when landed upon.
Cloud Parachutes auto-activate when falling off an island.
The leaves of Golden Oak trees occasionally drop Golden Apples.
Holystone tools occasionally generate Ambrosium.
Dungeons can contain powerful and unique rewards. 
You can harvest Aechor Plant's poison with Skyroot Buckets.
Days in the Aether realm last three times longer than surface days.
Try not to lose your mind.
You don't need the most optimal solution, just finish the research.
Get two Scribing Tools, one for writing, one for research.
Place blocks on top of Flux to remove it.
The Hopperhock is cheaper than 20 hoppers.
Functional flowers can be shrunken using mana alchemy.
You can transport pumped oil and lava using a Tank Cart.
Alfheim is not real.
The Assembly Table can make a lot of useful items.
The Auto Workbench can be used for early-game auto crafting.
Minecarts can be linked using a Crowbar.
Craft pouches and satchels to get more inventory space.
Too much cobblestone? Use a /dev/null.
Make builds everywhere! They don't need to be pretty, just yours.
Skeletons won't shoot if they can't see your face.
Never dig straight down.
If a drop looks too big, it probably is.
A shelter made of dirt is still a shelter.
Don't fear the Creeper.
Before you jump, make sure the water isn't too shallow.
Watch your back when running from spiders.
Don't leave your house without closing the door.
Check underneath a Diamond Ore block before mining it.
Watch where you step - deep shafts can be anywhere.
Cliff overhangs and lighting glitches can spawn hostile mobs.
Gold may be weak, but it's better than nothing.
Always bring tons of logs with you when exploring caves.
Always check your surroundings before entering a fight.
Don't store spare TNT blocks near your Redstone circuits.
You can always come back later and mine some more.
Always keep a spare stack of blocks in your active inventory.
Raw meat is better than no meat.
Blocks can be mined faster if you time your clicks correctly.
Placing a torch under sand as it falls speeds up the process.
Ghasts have lower health than any other hostile mob.
You can reflect a Ghast's fireball by simply hitting it.
Mobs might not drop loot if they die from explosions.
Don't take huge risks far from home.
If you hear a cave noise above ground, there's one nearby.
If you hear a lot of monsters, it's probably a dungeon.
Mining cave ceilings can easily lead to disaster.
Catching on fire can easily drain an entire health bar.
The best time to do anything is before it's too late.
Wood is the most versatile resource in the game.
Always treat modders with respect.
Baby slimes are terribly vulnerable to fall damage.
Slimes do exist... I think.
Only give away your personal information to Paypal.
Paintings and item frames aren't considered blocks.
Sand on red dust on TNT can make a falling floor trap.
Easier rarely means funner.
Zombies can reach pretty far and hit pretty hard.
Arrows reflect off of creatures recently damaged.
Be careful not to misclick when building portals.
Sand is useful for getting down from high places.
If all you can hear is footsteps, it's a Creeper.
It's misleading to locate monsters by sound alone.
Right click NEI's search bar to clear it.
The game is only as fun as you make it.
